Live from the blue stadium in Italy
thank walter mazzarri with amedeo
obviously the first one to him immediately
comment to this match looked like the
note naples but the league is still
long and finally corrie is going all over
a little bad for this Naples that second
time could have equaled perhaps
not only that I saw the game knows that
we did a great race unfortunately
today the episodes have penalized us
it's in football I just wanted to say
that i would divide the league by
coppa europa and away from home so far we have
well done we lost in turin with the
they all saw it today and then
we drew in Catania and then the
rest we won we always did
especially in our races today
we made very clear then if yes
evaluate everything from the result you don't look at
the performance we lost must
accept defeat
It is clear that the absence of cavani e
maybe there was a heavy center forward
boa a force striker would serve
in this meeting
but if we hadn't pulled a little we had it
given the tactical arrangement
of the atanta and if defended but we have
created many goal balls
I have to put it in. I don't believe in
this case there is a speech of this
like because we have opportunities
created it was necessary to try to put it
to be more lucia to score goals
today my team can't say anything else
free study there is a problem on
external mazzarri is the condition of
May which had among other things two
sensational goal balls right in the end
many continue to struggle at this point
cross to the center today with the most teaches
small and two giants of defense
Bergamo is the first part did eat
a great race then if good or even him
but you are wrong for example two signs
or three because he has played a lot
well we have then entered the
land drawn to the goalkeeper beyond
strong to be worse to attract with
more decision towards the door
first time I made a big parade
the first glaring opportunity
just notable so you can make goals by
head is true if we were even more
good to head you could do better than
we did so many crosses but I repeat the
our goal balls we did respect
to the atanta I think they were 65 of
more then from a podestà and the
performance I can not say anything guys
you lose dossena know that in football a
sometimes the games are lost even if not
already emerges slowly coming home to
win when when doctors less than that
evening mazzarri
she was very much criticized
Mazzarri criticized for for
turnover decisions
she has a staff that can
replace the players with
those on the bench feels right
or or in January there will be a mini
additional the turn came to see them
watch out despite having done the tour
9 info in europa league and I lost
cavani for just because he played
too much for stays I had lost
behrami before the European match
league where he had to play the holder e
I couldn't use it and get lost
so even players the turnover
necessary
in quotes you can say a blanket
short if you do something is clear you pay by
another part I say only that in
championship compared to last year
we have seven more points
this is precisely because we did the
turnover in europe league and we do not have
done like last year where forced
for visa group we had to do
always play better in champions
league is therefore from a point of view
of logic and we are doing well a
do what we are doing what
We do not forget the thesis napoli
compared to last year at seven points
in addition therefore there is a demand of the
president of the poles and then a curiosity me
close early one good only one
curiosity that because so much between four
years in we talk again but me
started today I saw how mazzarri is
unfortunately episodes in football count
episodes were unfavorable however the
Naples has made its match
he could do two three goals two three
missed opportunities we know football who
lives on soccer who knows soccer unfortunately
he runs behind the juventus is not easy
these always win did nine
wins a draw
if Juventus had made seven
victories stood at 23 points today that
you can tell naples atalanta did
great game I saw the match as
walter
well at least he gave back the smile indeed
walter mazzarri here are mazzarri
one thing we talk about is a possible
vargas loan in January to do so
playing elsewhere they have made
of names
beyond an external that of
floccari and whites for the attack
forgive me of the market with the moment
plus before arriving in January
there is a lot of games we need
need everyone and you have to keep them all
loads so I won't talk about the market
difficult I already struggle to talk about it
even when there is now we wait when
it will be time I will still talk about it last from
frank saturday there is juve inter for whom
tifa mazzarri
no it's not the race we do it on ourselves
we ourselves have to think about doing one
great race with Turin to recover
then points to what the others will do
but it does not depend on us
I do not care